Reclamation text file 28 February 1999

Contents:
   1. Announcement
   2. Installation
   3. Troubleshooting
   4. System requirements
   5. Where to find files
   6. How to get help
   7. Participants and credits
   8. Some legalities

---------------
1. ANNOUNCEMENT
---------------

            TeamTNT proudly announces the release of

                  +-------------------------+
                  |       Reclamation       |
                  +-------------------------+

   Reclamation is the fourth set of 32 DOOM II Deathmatch-only levels 
   from TeamTNT.  It is now available on ftp.cdrom.com and its mirrors.  
   See below for the exact path.

   TeamTNT strikes again with yet another 32 levels of all-Deathmatch
   frag mayhem.  Reclamation follows in the footsteps of the popular 
   TeamTNT sets "Bloodlands", "Grievance" and "Pursuit".  There's lots 
   of interesting architecture, impeccable texture alignment and play 
   balance, and this time around they've been made with Boom-specific
   features.  Some are visual features, but all levels have some special
   gameplay features that aren't possible with normal DOOM2.  Just when
   you thought you knew how to play Deathmatch, someone adds some more
   twists.  As before, most of the levels are tight fragfests, a couple
   that are big enough for a more leisurely pace, and lots of selection
   in between.

   Features:

   - 32 new levels with Boom features
   - Many new textures, new skies
   - Difficulty levels = game rules
   - 3 multiplayer demos
   - All in one WAD, easy to run
   - Music by Rich Nagel and Ty Halderman
   - It's by TeamTNT members!
   - Startup batch file included
   - .BEX file included to change level names
     and intermission story texts
   - By the makers of 
     - "FINAL DOOM"
     - Icarus:Alien Vanguard
     - TNT:Bloodlands
     - TNT:Grievance
     - TNT:Pursuit
     - Eternal DOOM
     - Eternal Deathmatch
     - ... so far ...

---------------
2. INSTALLATION
---------------

   Reclamation comes in one WAD file, zipped into one ZIP file.  You'll
   need PKUNZIP.EXE or an equivalent unzipping utility to unpack
   TNTRECL.ZIP.  This will produce TNTRECL.WAD, TNTRECL.BEX and TNTRECL.BAT
   (and another copy of this file, TNTRECL.TXT).

   Just unzip it into your DOOM2 directory and run TNTRECL.BAT, or 
   load TNTRECL.WAD in your favorite front-end program that understands
   how to use the Boom engine.  Note that TNTRECL.BEX is not required
   to be able to run Reclamation--it's just nice to use if you want the
   intermission stories and the automap level names to be right.

   Floppy download:

      Sorry, but Reclamation is too large to fit on a single floppy.


------------------
3. TROUBLESHOOTING
------------------

   Not much can go wrong, since this is just one WAD file.  However,
   since not much can go wrong, something might, and maybe a few
   steps here will help.

   a.  First, verify that TNTRECL.BAT and TNTRECL.WAD are in your
       DOOM2 directory, and that you are in that directory when you
       type TNTRECL.  Be sure that Boom is there too or at least
       is in your path.  

   b.  Spell TNTRECL right. 

   c.  If you notice that the full-screen intermission texts (like
       between MAP06 and MAP07) don't make sense any more, or that
       the automap names don't match the level names, and that matters
       to you, then you didn't run the TNTRECL.BAT file, which will
       also load the TNTRECL.BEX file to change that stuff.

       You can run it at the command line as:

          boom tntrecl tntrecl.bex

       instead, if you don't like batch files.


----------------------
4. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
----------------------

   A computer that will play Boom well.  Some of the levels may be
   a bit resource-intensive if you have a lower-end computer.  
   Multiplayer is always a bit sluggish, so it may be even more 
   important for these levels to have a state of the art computer.  
   However, this isn't one of the new 3d games, so you don't benefit 
   from GL and such.

   You'll like it better if you have a good sound card, but if you
   do much deathmatch you already know that.

   The WAD file is a bit over 8MB, and you'll need about 10-12MB 
   free available during unzipping.

   Any other requirements (modem, network stuff) are no different
   than if you were running Boom without Reclamation.

   Reclamation will run with ZDoom, we're told, but we're not going
   to be able to answer any questions or help you solve any problems
   if you're not using BOOM v2.02 when they happen.  There's one 
   small problem with the ZDoom menu vs. the one in Reclamation, in 
   that the cursor apparently goes one row lower than usual on the 
   screen when you go to ZDoom's options menu selection.  Everything
   still works the same though, and most of the time people don't 
   see the menus much during a DM session.


---------------------
5. WHERE TO GET FILES
---------------------

   Reclamation can be found with the rest of the TeamTNT products in 

	ftp://ftp.cdrom.com/pub/idgames/themes/TeamTNT

   ftp.cdrom.com is the one place you can be guaranteed to find
   the most recent version, and you can always get to a pointer to
   the file from our web site (see below).

   While you're there, get Eternal DOOM, Icarus, Eternal DOOM, Grievance,
   Bloodlands, Pursuit, Eternal Deathmatch and whatever else we've created
   by the time you read this...

   File list (contents of TNTRECL.ZIP):
      TNTRECL.WAD  -- Music, graphics, levels, etc.
      TNTRECL.BEX  -- BEX file to change text
      TNTRECL.BAT  -- A handy batch file to run it with
      TNTRECL.TXT  -- This file
      FILE_ID.DIZ  -- A BBS info file
      DESC.SDI     -- A BBS one-line description file

------------------
6. HOW TO GET HELP
------------------

   If it's about Boom itself, contact us or post questions on our
   message board, or just ask in the news groups.

   If it's about Reclamation, same thing, but be sure to mention 
   that it's Reclamation and that it's being played with Boom.  If
   you're using some other source port besides Boom or PRBoom, then
   talk to the author(s) of that engine, or just use ours.

   Don't bother id Software about any of it.

   We're available through our web site at www.teamtnt.com.  You can 
   select the mail link there if you want to send email.

---------------------------
7. PARTICIPANTS AND CREDITS
---------------------------

   The following TeamTNT members were involved in creating
   Reclamation.  Testing was a team effort, and a big thanks goes
   out to the fragbait the team members used to test against.

   The Punch Team spent well over a hundred hours going back
   through all the levels after selection.  Some levels needed only
   minor tweaks, but some required extensive reworking before
   release.  The Punch Team is what makes the difference in a 
   TeamTNT product and our thanks go out to those folks.

   Ty Halderman   
	Project Coordinator, builds, web and FTP sites, 
	email support, Punch Team, new textures, titlepic,
        intermission, credit, etc. graphics, review coordinator,
        public beta test coordinator, documentor, level music.
	Oh, and made a level too.

   Gary Gosson
        Levels and Punch Team.

   Dale Harris
	Levels and Punch Team

   Rich Nagel
        Intermission and title music

   Level design information:
        MAP01  Dale Harris - Cadaver    "Icy Hot"
        MAP02  Gary Gosson              "Neighbourhood Watch"
        MAP03  Jani Saksa - Sir Robin   "War Circle"
        MAP04  Dale Harris - Cadaver    "Security Bay"
        MAP05  Jani Saksa - Sir Robin   "Dust and Bones"
        MAP06  Robert Taylor            "The Pits"
        MAP07  David Wood - Hakx        "Telesaw"
        MAP08  Jani Saksa - Sir Robin   "Helldorado"
        MAP09  Robert Taylor            "Station 4"
        MAP10  Jani Saksa - Sir Robin   "UPM Death Factory"
        MAP11  David Wood - Hakx        "Eye on You"
        MAP12  Gary Gosson              "Harvest"
        MAP13  Jani Saksa - Sir Robin   "Slaughterhouse 5"
        MAP14  Gary Gosson              "Nexus"  
        MAP15  Paul Fleschute - Moe     "Watchtower"
        MAP16  Gary Gosson              "Warchild"
        MAP17  Paul Fleschute - Moe     "Rockin'"
        MAP18  David Wood - Hakx        "Circle of Death"
        MAP19  Steve Noonan - Funkymonk "Catacombs"
        MAP20  Robert Taylor            "Rocket Seppuku"
        MAP21  Ty Halderman             "Wasted Effort"
        MAP22  Gary Gosson              "Brain Candy"
        MAP23  Tommie Quick - Fatal     "Habitat"
        MAP24  David Wood - Hakx        "Symmetry Halls"
        MAP25  Steve Noonan - Funkymonk "Speed"
        MAP26  Gary Gosson              "Nobodies Hero"
        MAP27  Tommie Quick - Fatal     "Cataclysm"
        MAP28  Gary Gosson              "Final Solution"
        MAP29  Tommie Quick - Fatal     "Ethereal Mansion"
        MAP30  Steve Noonan - Funkymonk "Drop Zone"
        MAP31  Steve Noonan - Funkymonk "Frag Factory"
        MAP32  Richard Jaspars - Styx   "Death Paradigm"

   Members and non-members who offered themselves as fragbait:

	'Cordata'		(Steven Sturza)
        'Swaff'                 (Harold Swaffield)
        (and no doubt others who are too numerous or shy to mention)

   We had a public beta test for two weeks just before release, 
   and these are the folks who participated in that test:

        Philip (Cyan Bloodbane) Valois <cyanb@hotmail.com>
        Erik (agatar) der Hagopian <e_r_i_k_d_h@hotmail.com>
        Zebediah C. (Zeb) McClure <zcm3496@rit.edu>
        Jason (Collar) Norris <collar@iinet.net.au>
        Rhys (Killer Doom) Perkins <Mike.perkins@btinternet.com>
        Phillip Andrew (Da Raven) Cardon <philoraven@juno.com>

   Our particular thanks to Phillip Cardon for the comprehensive
   way in which he did his part in the beta testing.

   And of course we thank the authors of the many utilities we used
   to produce Reclamation.  Without you the DOOM-editing environment
   would just suck.  

------------------
8. SOME LEGALITIES
------------------

   Reclamation is a copyrighted work and though free
   is not public property ("public domain").  Don't take stuff
   out of our levels, and don't take our levels out of Reclamation.
   Reclamation should have been free to you (connection times and
   stuff notwithstanding) and shouldn't have shown up on
   someone's DM collection or CD.  If it does, let us know right
   away.  We are serious about the CD thing--no commercial
   compilations are allowed to include any TeamTNT products under
   any circumstances, even if they delete this text file...

   We thank you for trying Reclamation.  Let us know what you think
   about it.  Keep checking our web page for other team products--we're 
   still churning stuff out.

   Reclamation and associated files are
   (C) Copyright 1999 TeamTNT

///End of file
