================================================================
Title                   : MARSWAR  V3.01
Author                  : Nathan Lineback
Email Address           : lineback@toastytech.com
Misc. Author Info       : These are some old levels I originally did
                          back in 1995, with some anti M$ stuff added 
                          in 98. 
Requirements            : Doom II V1.9 or a port such as Skulltag,
                          Zdoom, or Jdoom. 

Changed in version 3:

   * Fixed many problems caused by the ability to jump.
   * Completed the three levels (map 15, 20, and 25) that
     were supposed to be there originally. 
   * Fixed co-op bugs.
   * Improved deathmatch modes. 
   * Added the original MOD music files. Zdoom, Jdoom, and 
     Skulltag will play them instead of the MIDI versions. 
   * Objects face the right direction when 3d models are used (Jdoom)

Changes in version 3.01: 
   - Fixed the door trap on map29 so it works better in multiplayer.
   - Modified instruments in 4MAT.MOD (map02) to make it less annoying.
   - Misc other minor fixes.

Description             : You are a Martian terraformer stuck in a
                          small station in the middle of nowhere.

                          Since the beginning of the terraforming
                          project, the United Organizations of Earth
                          have been threatening to take over. Recent
                          events have prompted an invasion from
                          Earth, only something went wrong with their
                          new "space-warp" capable ships... that were
                          built by some company with the initials "MS". 


Additional Credits to   : Everybody
================================================================

* Play Information *

Map #                   : All Doom 2 levels.
Single Player           : Yes
Cooperative 2-4 Player  : Yes 
Deathmatch 2-4 Player   : Yes 
Difficulty Settings     : Yes
New Sounds              : One
New Musics              : Yes
New Graphics            : Yes
Demos Replaced          : All

* Construction *

Base                    : New level from scratch

Build Time              : All eternity. (And then some!)
Editor(s) used          : Just ones and zeros. 
Known Bugs              : There will always be bugs. 

* Copyright / Permissions *

Authors MAY use this level as a base to build additional levels.

You MAY distribute this WAD, provided you include this file, with
no modifications.  You may distribute this file in any electronic
format as long as you include this file intact.

* Where to get this WAD *

http://toastytech.com/doom/


Levels in this WAD
------------------------------
MAP01: TERRAFORMING STATION       -Big open level
MAP02: THETA BASE                 -GET THE PLASMA GUN!
MAP03: MANUFACTURING PLANT        -Who's initials are those?
MAP04: ALPHA BASE                 -The center of the project!
MAP05: CRASH SITE                 -Crashed UOE ship
MAP06: BETA BASE                  -Get the BFG!

MAP07: INFESTATION                -Check out the floating stuff
MAP08: BUNKER ZERO                -Clean this place out!
MAP09: DEATH MANAGEMENT           -Small, fun level
MAP10: TRANSPORT SHIP             -HUGE Martian ship
MAP11: UOE DROPSHIP               -There is more to this UOE ship..

MAP12: UOE OPERATIONS - EARTH     -You find yourself on EARTH! YUCK!
MAP13: UOE WAREHOUSE              -Medium sized warehouse
MAP14: UOE CIVILIAN CENTER        -Exciting detailed level
MAP15: THE FRINGES                -Huge level
MAP16: ENLIGHTENMENT              -Check out the floating toothbrush!
MAP17: UOE COMMERCIAL SECTOR      -Totally surreal
MAP18: THE EDGE                   -Not a serious level
MAP19: FOUNDATION                 -Deep underground level
MAP20: LAND OF THE LAME           -Fight your way to the hell portal!

MAP21: HIGHWAY TO HELL            -The UOE city is consumed by hell!
MAP22: XEROX                      -Cacodemons xeroxing their butts.
MAP23: THE GATES OF HELL          -Level is big enough for anybody
MAP24: 83' EAST                   -Check out my TI/99/4A expansion unit.
MAP25: 1984                       -This is where they train the zombies.
MAP26: MAXIMUM SECURITY           -Bizarre computer junk yard.
MAP27: MARKETING                  -Don't get your head blown off...
MAP28: DOOM USER INTERFACE        -DUI!
MAP29: CHOICES                    -Some choice... 
MAP30: ICON OF SIN                -BILL!!!!!!! 

MAP31: WOLF 3D                    -My old version of Wolf 3D map 1
MAP32: HELL LABS                  -Contains a zoo.


Extended story:

The full story line is not important, but here it is anyway.

It is a thousand or so years in the future and you are a Martian
terraformer stuck in a small station in the middle of nowhere.

Since the beginning of the terraforming project, the United
Organizations of Earth have been threatening to take control. They do
not like the independence that Mars has gained and view Mars as a
threat.

The United Organizations of Earth are an accumulation of all
governments, large corporations, and corporate owned governments of
Earth. For over a hundred years they have tightly controlled the
population of earth, at an almost microscopic level limiting what
they are allowed to know and what they may do.

A few months ago, a huge number of radical, highly educated people
escaped UOE persecution by coming to Mars in a large space-warp
capable ship they built more or less by themselves without the
knowledge of the UOE.

This was the last straw for the UOE. They attempted to quickly clone
the space-warp technology and sent off an invasion force.

Only something went wrong with their new "space-warp" capable
ships...

------------------------------
MAP01: TERRAFORMING STATION -Big open level

This has been your home for the last several years. Before that you
worked in the repair shop in Alpha Base across from the medical
center. You have been desperately waiting for additional personnel. 
But there have been many delays so you are still stuck here all by
yourself.

Day in and day out it is the same thing. The only thing of note
recently is the slight rise in O2 levels at the lowest levels of the
nearby river. And tiny robotic insects have been busy processing and
fertilizing the soil enabling certain genetically enhanced plants to
grow.

In preparation for the new personnel, you moved some of the larger
equipment and supplies to a nearby cave.

You hear about the invasion from earth (can't they just leave mars
alone?) and that something has gone wrong with their ships - their
warp drives were garbage and mutated everyone on board. Then the
communications black out came as people began to report hideous
monsters attacking. Hours later you hear an out of control transport 
shuttle skid to a stop outside and several bizarre deformed troops - 
only vaguely recognizable as UOE troops - disembark.

You have a "berserk" pack and a pistol. Time to put a stop to this.


MAP02: THETA BASE -GET THE PLASMA GUN!
-----------------

Once you secure the shuttle, your first stop is Theta Base. This is
where all the cool tech comes from. They supposedly have developed a
plasma rifle that is powered by common energy cells, and you need to
get it!

You had many friends at Theta base, your last contact with them was 
hours ago and there has been no response since. You don't really want 
to think about what has happened to them, and it won't be any fun 
searching the base. But you know they had all kinds of goodies 
stashed away that might help you.


MAP03: MANUFACTURING PLANT -Who's initials are those?
---------------------------

Once you have some weapons in tow, your second stop is to pick up
some armor at the manufacturing plant. They had just started 
producing that when the news of the invasion broke. You make a one
way entrance through a loading dock in the back, hoping you can
either get to your shuttle in the front, or grab your old personal
shuttle that has been here in the shop for weeks now - if they have
gotten it repaired.

Notes: This is a recycled level from my Wolf3D spear of destiny
hackup.

Notes: The personal shuttle was original supposed to lead to a
secret level. This level was originally designed for Doom 1 and E1M3 
was the level that could exit to a secret level.

MAP04: ALPHA BASE -The center of the project!
------------------

Finally at the central command post for Mars terraforming, you hope to 
determine what is going on. But everybody seems to be dead! And 
someone or something just locked the hanger door behind you!

You recall hiding a high-security keycard inside the equipment in your
old office. That should get you in to the command area. But can you
disarm your old booby traps?

MAP05: CRASH SITE -Crashed UOE ship
------------------

Your investigations turn up that one of the UOE dropships crashed 
near Beta base. You decided to investigate. What you find is 
disturbingly demonic - and whatever this is seems to be spreading.

MAP06: BETA BASE -Get the BFG!
------------------

Determined to get to the heart of the matter you enter the base
through a crawl space access port in to the central lab. This base
has been heavily mutated by whatever forces are present. You are
almost too scared to proceed but you must avenge the lives that have
been lost and put a stop to this infestation.

Note: This was actually the first original Doom Level I ever made.

MAP07: INFESTATION -Check out the floating stuff
------------------

This Bizarre structure appears to have popped up out of nowhere, it is 
full of weird monsters, and within the laws of physics seem to have 
taken a lunch break!

Note: This is another recycled level from my Spear of Destiny hackup.


MAP08: BUNKER ZERO -Clean this place out!
------------------

You only vaguely recognize this place as once having been the central
waste recycling center. But many monsters still linger here and must
be exterminated.

MAP09: DEATH MANAGEMENT -Small, fun level
--------------------

Another small infested outpost that you must cleanse. You have gotten
good a that so far, so why not?

Note: This is a recycled level from my Spear of Destiny hackup. This
was always one of my personal favorites.

MAP10: TRANSPORT SHIP -HUGE Martian ship
-----------------------

This ship was constructed on earth a long time ago by a person who is 
only remembered by the masses now as a madman with an impossible 
dream of making a warp drive capable ship. For decades after he died, 
the structure was used as a university, one of the few places on 
earth where people were actually allowed to learn anymore. Advanced 
learning had been all but abolished by the United Organizations 
(governments, corporations, and corporate owned governments) of 
Earth.

Only known to a handful of people, the warp engines buried deep
within this structure were almost functional and in time they were 
completed.

Then, a few months prior, a long standing skirmish came to a head and 
the UOE initiated a crackdown on all who dared defy the complacency 
laws. Those who would publicly make statements, share information, 
experiment, or create were rounded up, locked up, punished, 
reeducated, and more often than not - put to death.

A great many people fled to this structure for protection as it was
very well fortified. The UOE police and armies attacked, but before 
the structure could be infiltrated someone, deep within the 
mechanical bowels of the ship, flipped a switch and the structure - 
thought by most to be just an odd dome shaped building - raised from 
the ground and flew in to the sky. And as UOE fighter planes tried to 
follow it, it suddenly disappeared. The warp drive worked perfectly.

Around the Earth thousands of UOE troops and corporate government 
officials took a collective a dump in their shorts.

Moments later the ship reappeared over mars and descended to the
surface where it has been since.

With its defenses used up the mutant invaders have just infiltrated
the ship. There are very likely many survivors hiding in the old 
dormitories or in other places deep within the ship. With the rest of 
the infestation eradicated and with powerful weapons in tow you must 
come to their rescue.

MAP11: UOE DROPSHIP -There is more to this UOE ship.. 
--------------------

There were many ships in the UOE fleet that attacked mars, but this
last intact ship seems to have some kind of link back to earth, and
to whatever caused this mutant infestation.

MAP12: UOE OPERATIONS - EARTH -You find yourself on EARTH! YUCK!
--------------------------

You find yourself hurled all the way to earth! Right in to the center
of the UOE main operations facility where they created their warp
ships. Immediately it becomes clear by looking at their computers why 
they had such problems.

And yes, these people are so stupid they have to label their doors as
"door".

MAP13: UOE WAREHOUSE -Medium sized warehouse
-----------------------

Just a another spooky warehouse filled with bad guys.

This level started off as an experiment with what I could make using
boxes and kind of grew out of that.

MAP14: UOE CIVILIAN CENTER -Exciting detailed level
------------------------

This is another level recycled from my Spear of Destiny hackup. It 
turned out quite a bit larger than it really needed to be.

MAP15: THE FRINGES -Huge level
--------------------------

This is a gigantic, surreal level. I had finished this one up a while
back and finally added it where it belongs in 3.0. 

MAP16: ENLIGHTENMENT -Check out the floating toothbrush!
---------------------------

There is all kinds of weird stuff in this level, including a floppy 
disk, cassette tape, and a toothbrush. I put everything in this level 
including the kitchen sink!

MAP17: UOE COMMERCIAL SECTOR -Totally surreal 
---------------------------

This level was almost entirely inspired by dreams. There is lots of 
weird stuff such as switches hidden in compartments in the sky, 
pillars you have to get on top of and run over fast to "fly" to a 
hidden location, and at the end a room of cool stuff you can't take 
with you when you wake up.

MAP18: THE EDGE -Not a serious level
----------------------

This was my first Doom II level so it has most of the Doom II bad 
guys in there including the SS Nazis.

MAP19: FOUNDATION -Deep underground level
-----------------------

The idea here is you are going underground, under the city on earth. 
This level has various puzzles you have to solve from a central 
"teleport room".

MAP20: LAND OF THE LAME -Fight your way to the hell portal!
--------------------------

This is the source of power for the UOE warp engines. As you can tell
right from the start, the folks here aren't so bright. 


MAP21: HIGHWAY TO HELL -The UOE city is consumed by hell!
-----------------------

You have made it to hell. A subtle story begins to unfold about 
the evil that controls the UOE and infested your peaceful planet of
Mars...

Towards the back of this level you have to fight your way through a 
maze of vacuum tubes and drum memory representing the beginnings of
technology.

MAP22: XEROX -Cacodemons xeroxing their butts.
-------------------------

This place has some neat technology, but it looks like somebody is 
trying to load it all up on to their truck! Who could it be? By the 
time you can get down there it is all gone.

MAP23: THE GATES OF HELL -Level is big enough for anybody
------------------------

This tiny little level reads "640k is enough for any one!"

MAP24: 83' EAST -Check out my TI/99/4A expansion unit.
-----------------------

In the courtyard you can see multiple old computer systems from the 
1980s including a TRS-80 model III, an Apple II and an expansion box 
for a TI-99/4A. They are supposed to be staring at a monolith that 
represents a new threat.

MAP25: 1984 -This is where they train the zombies.
----------------------

Not much going on here, although the zombies seem to be headed somewhere.


MAP26: MAXIMUM SECURITY -Bizarre computer junk yard.
-----------------------

This level is intentionally non intuitive. At the start you try to go 
directly to the exit and the last door stalls. It features old 
computers such as a Mac, Next cube, a MacCharlie, and the maze from 
the game "MazeWar" of Xerox Alto fame.

MAP27: MARKETING -Don't get your head blown off...
----------------------

Parts of this level were inspired by dreams. Also as sort of a 
secret I included the house where I was living at the time I made 
most of these levels.

MAP28: DOOM USER INTERFACE -DUI!
--------------------------

The theme of this level is "Tron". I also included several 
theoretical attempts at how doom could be used for graphing or other 
applications. The music I used was from Future Crew's "Unreal",

MAP29: CHOICES -Some choice... 
-------------------

In this level, things are not always what they seem.

MAP30: ICON OF SIN! -BILL!!!!!!! 
-----------------------------

(Look at your automap!) 

And blast Bill Gates!

This is basically the same as the regular MAP30 but with a smashed
up version of the terraforming station you started in added. (it was
somehow brought here to hell with you, no specific reason) and with 
a giant Bill Gates!

MAP31: WOLF 3D -My old version of Wolf 3D map 1
----------------------------

Of course this would not be complete without yet another take on the 
first level of Wolf 3D. I made this before Doom II came out and ID 
did their own.

MAP32: HELL LABS -Contains a zoo.
---------------------------

This started off as a kind of laboratory that I actually spent quite 
a bit of time in trying to discern what various sector or line defs 
types did. That is what the room with the silver pillars was all 
about.

The back area was originally just a maze of hallways but I turned it
in to a "zoo" where you can see each monster in its own habitat. And
release them and let them shoot it out with each other.

It is not obvious but the first room was made from a copy of MAP03 /
The manufacturing plant when it was just the first room.

Not a bug: There is a switch that turns out all of the lights. This
was intentional.

