- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

			   *   N  E  O  D  O  O  M    *

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

   BASIC INFORMATION

Title			NeoDoom
Filename		NeoDoom.Wad
Game			Doom 2
Source Port		Doomsday Engine - Version v1.8.6 tested
			Doom Legacy - version 1.42 tested
			ZDoom 2.0 96x - tested
			GZDoom - version 2.0r103 (1.0.08) tested
Author			Daniel
Misc. Author Info       Author of New World 1 and 2, 128skins,
			99weap.wad/Weaps.wad and Arsenal.wad


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

   DESCRIPTION

	This is a 32 map wad with various changes in the looking of the Doom 2. Most of
the graphics were changed, as well as the weapons and some enemies. It has new enemies
and weapons for ZDoom, increasing the gameplay. It also brings some new enemies for
Doomsday Engine. It doesn't use Legacy features, so it's only Legacy compatible.

   The History

	After the Earth invasion a couple of years ago, you still work as a soldier.
Suddenly, you received a message about an small invasion occurred on some Earth
industries. You, as an experienced marine, were called to finish this invasion. But
you realize that this small invasion isn't that small...

   Making-off

	After three years working on this mod, it finally got finished, but it looks
much more different than its initial version. The ZDoom addons were made on the last
year, with a lot of new weapons. Only a few were kept on the original project, and
the other weapons were releases as a weapon mod called "Arsenal".
	In these three years, a lot of people joined the project, but in the end no
one did a considerable quantity of work. However, the people that helped in this
project certainly is remembered on the Credits section of this file.
	This mod tries to bring some levels with new atmospheres for the Doom engine.
Only a few textures come from the original Doom 2, and the textures are divided into
sets, very organizated for the mapper. Industries, forests, castles, cities, ancient
temples, beaches and some hellish-imaginated places are some of the places you will
face.
	The gameplay was revised a lot of times, with various tests. The new monsters
are hard to fight against, but they appear occasionally. Watch out for the difficulty:
if you start playing thinking it's already hard, start it in another skill level.
The difficulty increases as long as you pass each level, and the latest levels are
insanely hard.
	The soundtrack were made during my graduation. Since I'm a musician, I hope
this would be the best point of this wad. The first levels have Techno-like musics,
the cities have hard rock tracks and the latest levels have atmospheric musics that
reflects the tension made by the hellish style of the maps. There are also musics
designed especially for a level, such as MAP 32. I'm really looking forward to work
as a soundtrack composer.
	Finishing, I make Doom mods for about ten years. This mod brings everything
I learned during my life, and I did the best I could. I hope to be remembered someday
as a person that contributed for making the great game Doom, showing that this game
has infinitely possibilites to bring us new worlds to exploit with our imagination.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

   CREDITS

	Thanks to the creators of Doom, this amazing game. Doom isn't only a first-person
shooting game, it is ART! Thanks to Lucinho, my beta-tester for Doom Legacy. Thanks also
to Logan MTM, administrator from BRDOOM.COM and the most important brazilian doomer.

	Thanks to the people that joined the project even shortly. They are: DittoHead,
Scientist (author of the cool ZDoom INTERPIC screen) , Herr_Virus, ChaosCentral, Skunk,
SwiftFox (he did 17 maps for NeoDoom, but he dissappeared and didn't send these maps)

	A lot of thanks for the people of the Doom Communities that kept helping me with
technical problems, shared their resources and gave suggestions to improve this mod.
Thanks in special for the people from the ZDoom Forums.

	Special thanks to these people:

Graf Zahl		Grubber			Wild Weasel
HobbsTiger1		Jive			Tormentor667
Enjay			Xaser			Marty Kirra
Cory Wittle		Eriance			Darren "Doom Dude" Finch
The Ultimate Doomer	Hurdler			Ty Halderman
Blazeer			BerneyBoy		Chris 'Plutonic' Blundell
Russell Pearson		Cory Whittle		LizardCommando

	Thanks to these people for their tests and opinions:

Chronoteeth		Wild Weasel		Graf Zahl
Nmn			Enjay			Pure Hellspawn
Bashe			LordK			Cutmanmike
BetaSword		Marty Razor Kirra	Tormentor667
TomD666			Logan MTM

	Special thanks to the authors of the following wads/games. They brought me a lot
of inspiration great gameplay experiences. They are:

DOOM SERIES (Includes Doom 3)	The Darkening 2			Gothic Doom
Eternal Doom			Alien Vendetta			Memento Mori Series
Requiem				Egyptian Doom 2			Deus Ex Machina
Castle Nevermore		Narcosis.wad			Anubis.Wad
Immoral Conduct			bf-cdoom.wad
UNREAL SERIES			QUAKE SERIES			BLOOD
SHADOW WARRIOR			DUKE NUKEM 3D			REDNECK RAMPAGE
RISE OF THE TRIAD		HERETIC SERIES			STRIFE
HEXEN SERIES

Randy (ZDoom developer)			SkyJake (Doomsday Engine developer)
Doom Legacy Team			Greg Lewis (DeHackEd)
Csabo (XWE)				Oliver Montanuy (WinTex)
Jeff Rabenhorst (EdMap)			CodeImp (Doom Builder)
Willinston Colsulting (WadAuthor)

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 


   GAMEPLAY INFORMATION


Game			: Doom 2
Advanced Engine		: Doom Legacy (v1.42), Doomsday (v1.8.6), ZDoom 2.0 96x or
			  GZDoom (v1.0.08), but you must edit the file to use GZDoom.(*)
			  ZDoom recommended, Doom Legacy compatible only (no new features)
Single Player		: Yes
Cooperative 2-8 Player	: Yes
Deathmatch 2-8 Player	: Yes
New Sounds		: Yes
New Graphics		: Yes
New Music		: Yes

(*) IMPORTANT NOTE: NeoDoom is compatible with ZDoom 2.0 96x. It was originally designed
for it, but the new DECORATE standards made me convert the compatibility looking for the
future ZDoom versions. If you want to use GZDoom 1.0.08, you must edit NeoDoom.Wad, look
for the "DECORATE" entry, rename it to ZDOOM (for example), and rename the entry DECGZDM
to DECORATE.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 


   BUILD INFORMATION

Building time		: 3 years
Release Date		: May 01, 2006
Editors used		: RESOURCES	WinTex, XWE, NWT, Notepad, Wordpad
			  MAPS		EdMap, WadAuthor, Doom Builder
			  IMAGES	WinTex, Paintbrush, Corel Draw
			  SOUNDS	Wave Studio
			  MUSIC		Impulse Tracker, Wave Studio, CDEx
Known Bugs		: The message "thing type unknown" appears on Doom Legacy, but it
			  does not affect the game. It is due to the ZDoom extra features.
Where to get this file	: http://www.brdoom.com/daniel
			  ftp://archives.3dgamers.com/pub and mirrors

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 


   COPYRIGHT / PERMISSIONS

Authors may use this level as a base to build additional levels unless you ask me. Feel
free to use the textures in this wad as long as you credit all the folks up above and
myself.

The musics from this wad were made only for this wad. You can't extract and distribute it
separately without the consense of the author.

You MAY distribute this WAD, provided you include this file, with no modifications. You may
distribute this file in any electronic format (BBS, Diskette, CD, etc) as long as you
include this file intact.

Enjoy!